death and Devastation in Rafa in
Northern Gaza after Israeli forces
bombed Palestinian homes overnight women
and children are among the
dead we are just citizens unarmed
civilians they are attacking us women
and children they're Waging War on women
and children shouldn't they be fighting
against an army where is it the Gaza
Health Ministry says a Palestinian is
killed every 5 minutes in Israeli
attacks on the strip
Kan Yunis is one of the places where the
Israeli Army told Palestinians to go to
avoid being
killed on Sunday a statement from the
Army confirmed fighter jets had struck
more than 100 military Targets in
kanun we were inside the house my sons
and grandsons suddenly without a warning
they bombed the house 14 people were
killed only this girl my granddaughter
fulla survived I hope she will get
better and stay safe and heal May their
souls rest in
peace Hospitals and Clinics are unable
to cope gaza's largest hospital of shifa
is overcrowded with people who have fled
their homes what's left of them and with
medical supplies running out another
threat is
looming the burden on the health sector
is so huge and large numbers of people
are taking shelter here and in schools
in total disorder with no hygiene it
will cause epidemics across Gaza and
beyond their health situation is
extremely
dangerous Palestinian red crescent staff
at alud hospital in Gaza City say they
have refused the Israeli military's
order to evacuate the facility they say
it's impossible to transfer severely ill
patients from intensive care units and
and that as health workers they are
morally responsible for the people in
their care Muhammad Val Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer